commrx is a communications receiver using rtl-sdr
needed: gnuradio, rtl-sdr dongle
optional: nooelec ham-it-up hf converter
controls:
  100s tuning steps of 100Mhz
  10s  tuning steps of 10Mhz
  1s   tuning steps of 1Mhz
  fsel slider 000 to 999khz steps of 1khz
  AM,NFM,WFM,USB,LSB select receive mode
  UPCONVERT  selects frequency readout for a 125Mhz upconverter for HF bands (only changes readout, does not change spectrum  
  analyzer readout yet)
  gain   rf gain 0-50db
  squelch    squelch works in all modes
  spectrum analyzer controls change the behavior of the analyzer display.  if you get stuttering audio, setting the FFT to less
  than 1024 sometimes helps. setting the receive mode to AM, then selecting other modes helps too...
  ADDED: 
      SCAN WIDTH control for the analyzer and waterfall. the scan width can be changed from the default 1Mhz, down to 10khz
      in 10khz steps.
      RIT for fine tuning (it shows 10hz steps, but apparently the RTL-SDR
      only uses 100hz steps, but i'll leave it this way for other hardware).
  FIXED: the spectrum analyzer and waterfall were offset by 100khz, and this has been fixed.
  TESTING: osmocom source for the RTL-SDR instead of the plain RTL source.  experimented with using the IF gain setting, but this
           only works on E4000 models i think.
           TESTED the UPCONVERT function, and it works very well, but pay attention to the knob limits for the 1s (1Mhz steps)
           and 10s (10Mhz steps). since the upconversion with the Ham-It-Up converter is 125Mhz, the steps on the 1s knob is 
           shifted by 5.
  TO DO: resolve some of the math issues with upconversion. see if the FREQUENCY display can be set to a larger font, maybe in color.
         get the radio to maintain settings between uses (instead of defaulting to 155Mhz,NFM mode every time it's run).
   
  
  wish list: add police scanner type operation using a list of frequencies plus auto selecting the receive mode on each list line.
  (including adding P25 and amateur digital voice modes)
  more to follow...
